[Music]
welcome to a much demanded unboxing this
is the Corsair Vengeance k60 so yes
Corsair finally has pretty much a full
set of peripherals they've got your
speakers your headphones
your keyboards and your mice actually I
have a mouse here too but we're not
doing that one just yet so we're going
to show the keyboard so Corsair is all
about gaming we've known this from
pretty much day one when when it was
just memory and then oh I know I'm gonna
get it wrong when I try and tell you
guys it's sort of the order of the
categories they expend it into but power
supply and then cases and then cooling
and then audio I'm probably missing
something Corsair does so many things
these days but what is most exceptional
about Corsair in my opinion is the fact
that they do pretty much everything well
I can't think of very many course or
products that have had the opportunity
to play around with or to check out that
I haven't been really impressed by so
let's go over what are the overall specs
of this keyboard first so this is a
mechanical keyboard yes pretty much any
serious gamer or serious typist and
they're gonna tell you mechanical key
switches are pretty much a must on any
high-end keyboard so these are using
cherry MX red mechanical key switches
really which which mechanical key
switches feel good to you comes down to
the personal preference of the typist
themselves soms are louder and some are
less loud than others some have sort of
a longer travel time to register the
keystrokes jump some have the shorter
travel time Corsair believes that the
red key switches are ideal for gaming so
that's why they've used those for this
particular keyboard this one this is
more of the FPS version of this keyboard
comes with contoured textured WASD key
cap so you can see those right here I'll
show you those once we open it up full
key matrix anti-ghosting so
anti-ghosting means that no matter what
combination of easy press you're not
going to get any accidental unintended
keystrokes registered this can happen
with less premium keyboards and what
what it tends to occur is while you are
typing quickly and you press two or
three keyboards together while you're
while you're going while you're in the
middle of something it'll actually
register an extra keystroke because of
the way that the keyboard is
communicating via USB to the computer
itself so they've implemented
anti-ghosting as well as twenty key
rollover so you hear a lot of talk about
how many key rollover so what does that
mean we've seen up to n key rollover on
ps2 keyboards and Corsair says they
could actually implement and he roll
over with USB on this particular
keyboard which is a very neat feature
however they went with 20 because the
reality of it is unless you're operating
your keyboard like with your arm and
your face you're probably not gonna
press more than 20 keys at a time so
what that rollover spec means is how
many keys you can hold down come on
let's see how many I suppress at a given
time before they will stop registering
each new one that you press down so for
gamers it's fairly common to be holding
down shift and tab and jumping and I
don't know maybe you're playing like an
older style game and maybe you're
actually using these for you know your
jump in your pouch or something and then
this is you're moving around maybe
you're playing a 2d side-scroller it's
fairly common for a gamer to hold down
eight or more keys at a time whereas the
normal the normal roll over for like
cheaper keyboards does not allow you to
necessarily have every one of those
keystrokes be registered so that's why
that's an important feature what else we
got here so the contoured textured WASD
key caps I'll show you those in a minute
they're right here I haven't forgotten
bulky matrix uhm anti-ghosting yeah
multiple key presses won't jam you up
let's every keystroke get through
professional-grade brushed aluminum
chassis with laser etched keys love that
I'll show you guys that closely soft
cushioned contoured wrist rest and I'll
show you that in a minute as well I just
want to make sure that I do not forget
anything here because this is a keyboard
that a lot of people
requested that I take a look at so I
don't want to miss anything so here is
the wrist rest so what makes this the
more FPS oriented product versus the k9t
which is more of the MMO oriented
product and I will show you guys what
makes it that this guy is all about
comfort when you're using your left hand
to game which here we go is facilitated
by things like this wrist rest guy right
here which I'm just going to try to
figure out how to put back together
because I actually do not know okay and
this guy goes under here so it's got a
bit actually I'll show you this first so
it's got like a soft kind of rubberized
feely thing here with see this little
dimply surface I guess that's to help
keep a sweat from accumulating and
making the surface slippery which is
kind of nice this parts hard plastic as
well as this part right here this serves
as a carrying case for the keys that you
are not using at any given time and then
there are latches right on the bottom
here I'll show you those once I've got
it attached here that allow you to put
this right here so that your hand rests
comfortably right here for gaming the
MMO version of the keyboard has a bunch
of buttons over here which the FPS
version doesn't have and the MMO version
doesn't come with this rest which is
designed especially for FPS gamers whose
Mouse hands are over here and whose
keyboard hands sit right here
it can be quite easily attached and
detached so you just pull it off like
that and then I'm just gonna show you
guys the spot on the bottom where it
goes just like that while I'm on the
bottom here I'll show you guys what
you've got in terms of adjustable feet
for your comfort so you can raise up
your keyboard a little bit you can slant
your keyboard this way if you want you
can slant your keyboard this way if you
want and if you're not using any of the
feet you've got four rubber feet here as
well as two rubber feet here to keep the
keyboard from slipping around although
it's quite heavy so I don't think you're
gonna have too many problems with it
moving around uh ninten
chili comes with a two-year warranty I
just want to show you guys the included
connectors so we've got the keyboard USB
as well as the built-in hub USB so the
hub has your thumb looks like it's just
the one okay so that's where you plug in
your mouse
alright so let's uh yeah let's have a
look at these keys here so what you want
to do is you take your included key
remover which was in here I don't know
if you guys let me take that out and you
just pull off the cue like this you can
clearly see the cherry red switches so
named for their red color alright and
then you just go ahead and take your
contoured rubberized keys and you
replace your WASD now check this out
this is what they mean by contoured each
one of these keys is actually oh shoot I
just installed that one upside down
that's the thing about s is it's hard to
tell which way it is intended to be
oriented so there you go put those on
like that so now you can very easily
feel without looking can you see from
that angle how these are actually curved
towards the center there you go yeah now
you can see that so these are contoured
so you can very easily feel which are
your WASD keys and which ones are not
and the same goes actually for the
number keys up here you can see that one
is actually curved the opposite way from
6 so this could actually be very useful
for MMO gamers as well so when you're
looking for that particular potion you
can easily feel up here okay which one
is it okay that's too far that's my
number 6 belt spot or whatever the case
may be so that's kind of a neat feature
let's have a look at the overall layout
they haven't done anything that I would
consider to be a cardinal sin here long
shift keys long backspace key and
full-size Enter key I am just you know
it kills me to see otherwise
awesome keyboards like say for example
the 7g with something like a short
backspace key great for gaming not ideal
for typists who have small hands like
myself because I can barely reach this I
definitely can't reach that while
keeping my fingers on the keys now
something a lot of people have
sort of made I think an inordinate
amount of fuss about with this keyboard
is the fact that is not fully mechanical
that's right
so these keys this whole block is
mechanical
these ones are mechanical that means
they use the Cherry MX switches so those
are the expensive type switches and the
number keys are all mechanical however
the F keys as well as these keys are non
mechanical now one thing I would like to
see Corsair change around if they ever
do a rev two is I would like to see the
Delete key and the escapees be
mechanical but honestly for all this
stuff up here and the insert homepage up
it doesn't make that much of a
difference you know you can actually
hear the difference in mechanical keys
so check this out I'm hitting those with
exactly the same force this gives me a
much more sort of satisfying response
versus something like that it feels more
spongy that's because it's not a
mechanical key switch so up here we've
got a Windows key lock we've also got
our number caps and scroll lock
indicator LEDs we've got media functions
so we've got stop back play pause as
well as forward there's your volume
wheel I love the way they've implemented
this it's very very nice to to touch as
well as a mute key um you know what
we're not going to be able to do this
video without plugging this thing in
because it has an awesome blue LED
backlight which looks fantastic off of
the brushed aluminum base so what
Corsairs done here as you can see the
entire keyboard is going to be super
easy to clean you just use a can of dust
off because instead of leaving little
recesses actually I'm gonna pull up my
my 7g here again to show you guys
instead of having all these little
recesses in here that you can't clean
things out of very easily Corsair has
given you full access to the entire
inner workings of the keyboard you can
actually pull almost every key off and
easily get any sort of dust or hair or
anything that accumulates in it out of
it that's kind of neat as well it also
gives it kind of a really cool look I
love the brushed aluminum finish hair if
you have a good look at that yep you
have okay good let's see if I've missed
anything else in terms of spec gaming
rust with soft touch surface tin user
installable sculpted FPS keys so yeah
that included WASD as well
the one two six numbers and don't forget
you can store all of those keys inside
this handy rest little labeled spots as
well as your spot for the Installer and
uninstaller windows lock Cherry MX if
you're interested in the specs of the
Cherry MX red mechanical key switches
there you go they do have gold contacts
and they're rated for 50 million
operations so yes this keyboard will
last you a very very very long time so
let's go ahead and drag it over to the
computer so that I can plug it into a
USB port and show you guys how wicked
this thing looks when you actually plug
it in so it looks like I was mistaken
the k60 does not have the backlight the
k9d does the only one I've actually used
so far as the king 90 so yeah I've sort
of misremembered which one had which but
either way I think that pretty much
concludes it I think we're done with the
K 60 here thank you for checking out my
unboxing your first look at the Corsair
Vengeance k 60 FPS gaming keyboard don't
forget to subscribe to - tech tips for
more boxing's reviews and other computer
videos and now that I've actually used
both of them I would have to say that if
it came down to it I would probably
choose the K 90 with the backlight rims
with the backlight as well as the
additional programmable buttons on the
left hand side versus the K 60 even
though the K 60 is less expensive
they'll both provide a very good typing
experience they've both got the laser
etched keys which are never going to
wear out no matter what because those
letters are etched right into the key
caps themselves rather than being
something that can be worn off actually
a perfect example is if you check out
this 7 G over here here where you can
clearly see which keys get used a lot
more or less than the other ones yeah
that's pretty obvious so you can see all
of the numbered keys are much less
bright than this SteelSeries logo right
here so don't forget to subscribe to
latest tech tips from unboxings reviews
another computer video